fix: Add back legacy terms to the google dictionary (#4023)
streetsidesoftware/cspell-dicts: dictionaries/google/src/legacy.txt

> # This is a list of words that had been in the original dictionary, but are part of other dictionaries.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# This is a list of words that had been in the google dictionary at some point, but are part of other dictionaries.
```

Author: Thank you. I'll try to improve it.

# They are included for compatibility reasons.

> # Please do not add new words to this list.

Reviewer: As people adds new words at the end, maybe you could add a comment at the end of the file.

Author: Good idea.
